hello everyone and welcome back to the
pixel mom lab today we will be going
over how to craft the potions and rare
candies in the pixelmon mod for
Minecraft so let's just head on in
alright these things you're going to
need in order to craft these are in my
hotbar down here you're going to need a
glass bottle a bucket of milk wheat
these three are used to craft the
potions and then for the rare candies
you're going to need glowstone dust a
golden apple and sugar so that's all you
need once you have these things you can
craft either of these items now most
items in this mod are currently not
craftable the only two things that you
can craft out of the items like the
hyper potions or for stores or things
like that are just potions and rare
candies so if anything else does become
craftable
I will do another pixelmon lab going
over those new items but for now all you
can craft is just the potions and rare
candies and in case you don't know how
what these two items do potions restore
20 health on any of your pokemon and
rare candies will level up your Pokemon
by one level so let's get going the
glass bottle milk and we need to be
arranged in this order and that will
create four potions and the glowstone
dust golden apple and sugar need to be
arranged like this and that will create
one rare candy so if I send out my lab
assistant Mew here and right click on
them with the rare candy that will
increase his level by one so now our Mew
is level 51 so it's as simple as that
and say arm you were to get hurt like if
a battle a level 28 right you will say
come on do some damage right you there
you go okay so our Mew is hurt a little
bit but it easily gets through that
right you
but since it has hurt a little bit all
you have to do is right-click on it with
a potion and it will be back up to full
health so that's all there is to potions
and rare candies it is as simple as that
if you're interested I do a pixelmon
let's play on my channel and I upload
that nearly every day try to at least so
yeah go check that out if it interests
you but if not I hope this helps some of
you out and I will see you next time on
the pixelmon lab